c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\obj\Debug\Geodezist.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Geodezist.dll.config
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Geodezist.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Geodezist.pdb
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Brio.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Brio.pdb
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\obj\Debug\Geodezist.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Geodezist\Geodezist\obj\Debug\Geodezist.pdb
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Geodezist.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Geodezist.pdb
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Brio.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Ninject.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Brio.pdb
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Ninject.xml
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\obj\Debug\Geodezist.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\obj\Debug\Geodezist.dll
D:\Actpromo\Geodezist\Geodezist\obj\Debug\Geodezist.pdb
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Geodezist.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Geodezist.pdb
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Brio.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Ninject.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Brio.pdb
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Ninject.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\obj\Debug\Geodezist.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\obj\Debug\Geodezist.dll
d:\ActualPromotion\Geodezist\Geodezist\obj\Debug\Geodezist.pdb
