c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\obj\Debug\TIK.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\TIK.dll.config
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\TIK.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\TIK.pdb
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Brio.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Brio.pdb
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\obj\Debug\TIK.dll
c:\users\ильназ\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TIK\TIK\obj\Debug\TIK.pdb
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\obj\Debug\TIK.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\obj\Debug\TIK.dll
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\obj\Debug\TIK.pdb
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\TIK.dll.config
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\TIK.dll
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\TIK.pdb
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Brio.dll
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Brio.pdb
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Ильназ\Desktop\Projects\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\TIK.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\TIK.pdb
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\Brio.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\Brio.pdb
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.xml
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\obj\Debug\TIK.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\obj\Debug\TIK.dll
D:\Actpromo\TIK\TIK\obj\Debug\TIK.pdb
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\TIK.dll
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\TIK.pdb
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\Brio.dll
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.dll
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\Brio.pdb
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.xml
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\obj\Debug\TIK.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\obj\Debug\TIK.dll
D:\ActualPromotion\TIK\TIK\obj\Debug\TIK.pdb
